Dragon Moon
Thank you for picking it up for me just now.
But from today on, you are my man
I will not allow anyone to bully you
Don't worry about the order.
No one dares to rob you
Who robbed
Who died?
Ok I know you are great
No one now
Don't do that.
I'm serious.
I'm serious too
I can handle other things.
But I really can't help it with things like ours.
I have to go home and discuss it with my grandfather
fate
Wait for me, don't be impulsive.
OK
I'm not happy with you.
Hold back, my lord, I'll take you to Tianhai Restaurant right away
Please give me a chance to explain.
Greet the Lord God
Get up.
Lord God
Please hop in.
Ye Longyuan, this waste
Damn it, I'm running outside at night
Isn't this the motorcade of Wan Guohao, the richest man in the world?
You can see that the second car is his seat cushion.
Really stick to my neighbor's house
I didn't expect President Wan to come to the ninth floor of Tianhai tonight
President Wan
Why didn't he get out of his own car?
Who is President Wan talking to?
How could he make President Wan so feudal?